Add CONTRIBUTING.md file to HARK repository (#233)
econ-ark/HARK: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Econ-ARK

### Welcome!

Thank you for considering contributing to Econ-ARK!  We're a young project with a small but committed community that's hoping to grow while maintaining our friendly and responsive culture.  Whether you're an economist or a technologist, a writer or a coder, an undergrad or a full professor, a professional or a hobbyist, there's a place for you in the Econ-ARK community. 

> We're still creating our contribution infrastructure, so this document is a work in progress.  If you have any questions please feel free to @ or otherwise reach out project manager [Shauna](https://github.com/shaunagm), or lead developers [Chris](https://github.com/llorracc) and [Matt](https://github.com/mnwhite).  If you prefer to connect through email, you can send it to __econ-ark at jhuecon dot org__.

Reviewer: We should choose a more specific address than econ-ark@jhuecon.org.  Probably we should think about deliberately choosing a few email addresses that will have well-defined routings.  I've just emailed Andrij to ask him to set up the infrastructure for receiving mail at @econ-ark.org.  Maybe we need "contactus@econ-ark.org", "help@econ-ark.org", "issues@econ-ark.org" -- I don't know, we'll have to think about it.

Author: Yeah, we ought to think through the classes of things people might want to contact us for, and see if it makes sense to route them to different email addresses.  And I like the idea of having @econ-ark.org addresses, feels fancy.  :)  

Do you want to wait to merge this PR, or come back and change the contact in this doc once it's ready?

### How to Contribute

We're open to all kinds of contributions, from bug reports to help with our docs to suggestions on how to improve our code.  The best way to figure out if the contribution you'd like to make is something we'd merge or otherwise accept, is to open up an issue in our issue tracker.  Please create an issue rather than immediately submitting pull request, unless the change you'd like to make is so minor you won't mind if the pull request is rejected.  For bigger contributions, we want to proactively talk things through so we don't end up wasting your time.

While we're thrilled to receive all kinds of contributions, there are a few key areas we'd especially like help with:

* porting existing heterogenous agent/agent based models into HARK

> * collecting projects which use Econ-ARK (which we store in the [remark](https://github.com/econ-ark/REMARK) repository)

Reviewer: collecting 
```suggestion
* curating and expanding the collection of projects which use Econ-ARK (which we store in the [remark](https://github.com/econ-ark/REMARK) repository)
```

> * creating demonstrations of how to use Econ-ARK (which we store in the [demark](https://github.com/econ-ark/DemARK) repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* creating demonstrations of how to use Econ-ARK (which we store in the [DemARK](https://github.com/econ-ark/DemARK) repository)
```
